my group can see no reason not to grant discharge for the 1996 budget .
i hope that the new parliament and the new commission will make use of them .
it is a coincidence , but perhaps a fortunate one , that this very week when we are in the last week of the life of this house , we are also in the first week of the life of the amsterdam treaty .
i do not agree with a harmonised tax system or with - as mr berthu said - many of the harmonisations that are going on within the eu .
- ( fr ) the cfsp , which was first launched by the maastricht treaty , has found it hard to make its mark .
yet importantly , there clearly was a breach of competition rules on a massive scale .
i also have a question about the distribution of competences .
in view of the philosophy that i have explained , i believe that our position is understandable .
sixthly : hygiene .
members will recall that the european union , as the presidency said , is the largest financial donor to the overall efforts in bringing reconciliation to the people of the middle east .
i have always had confidence in this .
divergent national regulations should not be allowed to develop at all , or become established over and above the current scope .
we are pleased with the far greater emphasis given to fighting the trade in human beings than to action against its victims in relation to illegal immigration .
the much trumpeted area of freedom , security and justice is nothing more than the confirmation of a bureaucratic , repressive view of politics where much is said about security but little about freedom and justice , as demonstrated by the intensive series of intergovernmental conferences , dublin , europol , eurodac , eurojust and reciprocal assistance on legal matters , none of which are under the democratic control of parliament , the commission and the court of justice .
i believe we should achieve this in time .
a report of those meetings , in which a detailed analysis of the situation is provided , has been presented to the scientific steering committee . this committee met in brussels yesterday and is meeting today in order to discuss and draft an opinion on this matter .
in order to move forward with the internal market , it will be necessary to insist on the principle of harmonisation .
we believe , however , that it is important for this to be carried out during the planning stage so as to allow employees to anticipate change , extending the directives field of application and ensuring that it contains minimum provisions at community level , derogations from which may be allowed only if they are more favourable to employees , as well as extending the content to the areas which directly affect the workers and their future .
i understand that such a reform will have to target national contributions that correspond effectively to the respective economic development , so the gnp will have to be strengthened as an essential indicator for such contributions .
we demanded that this period should be reduced to four years , with a maximum weekly working time of fifty-four hours ( subject to negotiation ) during that time .
right now , without any change to the regulations , and this is the best way , eur 1 billion in public expenditure was eligible for european aid , within the framework of the total appropriations allocated to greece .
this is done with the ccee countries and it will be necessary to do the same with this new form of cross-border cooperation .
mr heaton-harris , if you have doubts about what i announced then you must ask for an electronic confirmation of the outcome of the vote , as other members do when they have doubts . it is quite simple .
madam president , commissioner , the liberal group sanctions the agreement reached on sunday between china and the united states regarding the lowering of bilateral barriers to trade .
i want to congratulate mr schwaiger on putting together what i regard as a decent framework within which to move forward .
if someone leaves , that is nobodys fault but their own or , to quote lenin and gorbachev , life will punish whoever leaves early .
however , as in many other areas , the reason that contracts have been awarded to countries like korea is surely because of the conditions that apply : for example workers in such countries get very low wages , working conditions and safety measures are very poor and unsatisfactory , because the health and safety of workers is not a priority .
i have to say , on behalf of my group where we have debated the issue at length that our positive attitude towards turkey is unanimous .
turkey will have no choice but to make drastic changes and make steps towards the european union . there is as yet no evidence of such steps being made .
giving up the use of nuclear power may be a subject for populists in the developed countries of europe , or here in parliament , where it really is a populist subject , but the realistic alternative is nowhere else to be found , not even in those countries the union is going to embrace in the future .
may i just warn against the commission and the council confining themselves to just four areas when they now produce the concrete programme following the beijing conference . i say this after 20 years experience of the united nations .
therefore , once again , we want to roundly condemn the taliban regime .
the tampere summit was about combating crime .
furthermore , although there might be international consensus on the introduction of the scheme , the question would remain regarding how the tax revenue would be distributed .
thank you for your statement , commissioner .
madam president , mr president of the commission , i have read and re-read the commissions document setting out the strategic objectives for its term in office .
mr president , i voted for the decourrière report on the community initiative interreg , mainly because of the reply commissioner barnier gave to some members who took the floor and asked for this programme to make greater reference to border regions with maritime frontiers . i voted for it , not just because i was born in a coastal town , genoa , but above all because the frontiers of regions bordered by the sea are frontiers too .
i have already appeared before the french senate .
are we talking about the nature of the works required to provide water services ?
mr president , human rights are universal , indivisible , interrelated and interwoven .
it is clear that such a scenario will never allow peace to be established in angola .
that is true as long as account is taken of the 20 per cent of the total postal services market where , in practice , there is still a monopoly , that is where the state is the only player .
i would like to thank the president-in-office of the council , mr antonio guterres , and immediately give the floor to mr romano prodi , president of the commission .
i think that setting dates is very important to our also in actual fact attaining the objectives .
i urge both institutions to turn it into something tangible , something concrete , and to do something constructive with it .
10 . considerably limits the present derogations for cement kilns .
the union is , and should remain , a union of states .
the commission is aware that the organisation of the referendum is currently affected by problems with the finalisation of the list of voters and it hopes that mr bakers visit to the region will bring the desired breakthrough .
yet it is they who are controlling what we know and it is they who control what coverage we get and we must be circumspect .
instead of the required answers , we have today received an explanation from the commission which can not be the last word as far as the european parliament is concerned .